Release 1.0.0b6 (#285)
DataDog/datadog-api-client-python: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 1.0.0b6 / 2021-02-16

> * [Added] Add profile_metrics_query properties to dashboard widget requests. See [#283](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/283).

Reviewer: I think you can remove that one, with the one below being the real change.

> * [Added] Add profile_metrics_query properties to dashboard widget requests. See [#282](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/282).

Reviewer 2: Whats the difference on these two?

Author: We can remove 283, looks like its client regeneration. Only thing updated was timestamp.

* [Added] Add geomap widget to dashboards v1. See [#278](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/278).
* [Added] Add v2 API for metric tag configuration. See [#277](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/277).
* [Added] Add Lambda invocations usage to response. See [#276](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/276).
* [Added] Remove unstable flag for logs apis. See [#268](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/268).

> * [Added] [monitor] Add restricted roles to update. See [#255](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/255).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Added] Add restricted roles to monitor update. See [#255](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/255).
```

* [Added] Add endpoint for IoT billing usage. See [#251](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/251).
* [Added] Add query parameters for SLO search endpoint. See [#249](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/249).
* [Added] Add fields for formula and function query definition and widget formulas. See [#245](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/245).
* [Added] Add global_time to time_window slo widget. See [#243](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/243).

> * [Added] [MA-1666][slo correction] Update required fields in create and update requests . See [#235](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/235).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Added] Update required fields in create and update SLO correction requests . See [#235](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/235).
```

> * [Added] ✨[LA-579][Logs] Add docs for log index creation (POST). See [#232](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/232).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Added] Add docs for log index creation. See [#232](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/232).
```

> * [Added] [MA-1665] Add Slo Corrections to open api spec. See [#226](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/226).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Added] Add SLO Corrections. See [#226](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/226).
```

* [Fixed] Add missing tlsVersion and minTlsVersion to Synthetics assertion types. See [#284](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/284).
* [Fixed] Rule: all nested objects in arrays must be defined on top-level. See [#279](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/279).
* [Fixed] Add support for DD_SITE in examples. See [#271](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/271).

> * [Fixed] [dashboards] Change analyzed_spans -> spans. See [#270](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/270).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fixed] Change dashboards analyzed_spans to spans. See [#270](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/270).
```

* [Fixed] Fix AWS tag filter delete request. See [#266](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/266).

> * [Fixed] [dashboards] Remove an unnecessary field from TimeSeriesFormulaAndFunctionEventQuery. See [#265](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/265).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fixed] Remove an unnecessary field from TimeSeriesFormulaAndFunctionEventQuery. See [#265](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/265).
```

* [Fixed] Fix unit format in SLO history response. See [#260](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/260).

> * [Fixed] [formulas and functions ] Change group_by from object -> list of objects. See [#259](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/259).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fixed] Change dashboards group_by from object to list of objects. See [#259](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/259).
```

> * [Fixed] [monitor] Fix location of restricted roles. See [#254](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/254).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fixed] Fix monitor location of restricted roles. See [#254](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-python/pull/254).
```
